Updates Politeia docs (#758)
decred/dcrdocs: docs/governance/politeia.md

2. Proposals that commit to spending DCR from the Decred Treasury. These proposals create a budget that some entity can draw down against as they demonstrate progress towards the proposal's aim.

## How Politeia Works

To vote, stakeholders must time-lock DCR to buy tickets. While tickets are live they can be used to cast a vote for or against each open Politeia proposal. For more information on tickets and their role in Decred's governance, see the [introduction to Decred governance](../governance/introduction-to-decred-governance.md) page.

There is a fee for submitting a proposal (0.1 DCR) to limit the potential for proposal spamming. There is also a fee for registering a Politeia account (0.1 DCR) to limit comment spam and up/down voting sock-puppetry. Fees may be altered if a) they aren't serving as a sufficient spam-deterrent, or b) the price of DCR changes considerably.

### Transparent Censorship

When proposals are submitted, they are checked by Politeia administrators. Proposals that are deemed spam or invalid will be censored.

> Politeia is built around the concept of **transparent censorship**, using [dcrtime](https://github.com/decred/dcrtime). Users cannot be silently censored; they can prove that censorship has occurred. When a user registers, a **cryptographic identity** (pub/priv key pair) is created. This cryptographic identity is then used to create a "censorship token" for each user submission (proposal, comment, comment upvote/downvote). If a user is censored, these tokens can be used to prove that a specific submission was submitted, the time it was submitted, and the exact form of the submission. This cryptographic identity is stored in the user's browser by default, but can be exported and re-imported at any time. For now, it is important to **verify your account from the same browser you used to sign up**. 

Reviewer: Or maybe we even just add to the sentence something like "...it is important to follow the instructions in Politeia to verify your account..."

> Politeia is built around the concept of **transparent censorship**, using [dcrtime](https://github.com/decred/dcrtime). Users cannot be silently censored; they can prove that censorship has occurred. When a user registers, a **cryptographic identity** (pub/priv key pair) is created. This cryptographic identity is then used to create a "censorship token" for each user submission (proposal, comment, comment upvote/downvote). If a user is censored, these tokens can be used to prove that a specific submission was submitted, the time it was submitted, and the exact form of the submission. This cryptographic identity is stored in the user's browser by default, but can be exported and re-imported at any time. For now, it is important to **verify your account from the same browser you used to sign up**. 

Author: That sentence did feel awkward to me. On second thought, we emphasize this already in the registration flow for Pi, so no need to put it here (where it's awkward and not immediately useful to the user). Deleted sentence.

6. When the ticket-voting period ends, the proposal is formally approved or rejected. There is a quorum requirement for a vote to be considered valid: 20% of the eligible tickets must vote 'Yes' or 'No'. The threshold for a proposal to be approved is 60% 'Yes' votes.
7. When a proposal with a budget and deliverables is approved, work can begin. The proposal owner can submit claims against the budget as deliverables are completed.
8. Payment claims will be handled manually by Decred Holdings Group (DHG) until such times as this process can be handled by the [Decred Decentralized Autonomous Entity (DAE)](#decentralized-autonomous-entity-dae).

For guidance on creating a good proposal, see the [proposal guidelines](../governance/politeia/proposal-guidelines.md) and [example proposals](../governance/politeia/example-proposals.md) pages.

### Decentralized Autonomous Entity (DAE)

> Politeia's aim is to serve as the decision-making force behind the Decred Decentralized Autonomous Entity (DAE). This is an ambitious aim. Because Politeia and its accompanying processes are still in an experimental stage, Politeia will serve initially as a robust signaling mechanism from Decred shareholders to the community members controlling the Decred Treasury wallet. Over time, this will be iterated towards a DAE that decentralizes the functions currently performed by trusted humans, and the DAE will control the project fund wallet directly.

Reviewer: > This is an ambitious aim.

This feels a bit subjective for a site which is mostly technical documentation. I would leave it out personally.

Author: Removed.

Reviewer: I noticed that you deleted this whole section. I was only referring to the bit `"This is an ambitious aim."`

I think the rest of the paragraph was good. Its up to you if you want to remove it or leave it in.

---

## What is Politeia?

Politeia is a platform that supports Decred’s governance. It facilitates the submission, tracking, and discussion of Decred governance proposals by the stakeholder community. The Politeia [web platform](https://proposals.decred.org/) facilitates browsing, discussing and submitting proposals.

Reddit-style **up/down voting** is used for comment sorting. Up/down votes are not anonymous.

> Voting on proposals does not happen directly on Politeia, but within official Decred wallets ([Decrediton](../getting-started/user-guides/decrediton-setup.md) or [politeiavoter CLI](https://github.com/decred/politeia/tree/master/politeiavoter) with dcrwallet).

Reviewer 2: This might be better phrased as something along the lines of:

Voting on proposals does not happen directly on Politeia because it requires signatures from your Decred wallet.  Decrediton has a built in voting tool or you can use the politeiavoter CLI.

Author: Reworded to:

> Voting on proposals does not happen directly on Politeia, as it requires signatures from your Decred wallet. Voting can be done from [Decrediton](../getting-started/user-guides/decrediton-setup.md) or on the command line using the [politeiavoter CLI](https://github.com/decred/politeia/tree/master/politeiavoter) tool.

There is a fee for submitting a proposal (0.1 DCR) to limit the potential for proposal spamming. There is also a fee for registering a Politeia account (0.1 DCR) to limit comment spam and up/down voting sock-puppetry. Fees may be altered if a) they aren't serving as a sufficient spam-deterrent, or b) the price of DCR changes considerably.

### Transparent Censorship

When proposals are submitted, they are checked by Politeia administrators. Proposals that are deemed spam or invalid will be censored.

Politeia is built around the concept of **transparent censorship**, using [dcrtime](https://github.com/decred/dcrtime). Users cannot be silently censored; they can prove that censorship has occurred. When a proposal/comment is submitted, a censorship token is generated. Content creators can use these tokens to demonstrate that their specific proposal/comment was submitted, in a particular form, at a particular point in time.

> Censorship tokens are tied to a **cryptographic identity** (pub/priv key pair) created when you register for a Politeia account. This identity is only used for demonstrating that your submissions have been censored. This key-pair is stored in your browser by default. For now, it is important to **verify your account from the same browser you used to sign up**. 

Reviewer 2: > This identity is only used for demonstrating that your submissions have been censored.

This might be better phrased as:

The identity links you to all of your Politeia activity (proposals, comments, comment upvotes/downvotes) and can be used to demonstrate that your submissions have been censored.

Author: This inspired me to just rewrite this paragraph to make it more concise:

### Transparent Censorship

When proposals are submitted, they are checked by Politeia administrators. Proposals that are deemed spam or invalid will be censored.

Politeia is built around the concept of **transparent censorship**, using [dcrtime](https://github.com/decred/dcrtime). Users cannot be silently censored; they can prove that censorship has occurred. When a user registers, a **cryptographic identity** (pub/priv key pair) is created. This cryptographic identity is then used to create a "censorship token" for each user submission (proposal, comment, comment upvote/downvote). If a user is censored, these tokens can be used to prove that a specific submission was submitted, the time it was submitted, and the exact form of the submission. This cryptographic identity is stored in the user's browser by default, but can be exported and re-imported at any time. For now, it is important to **verify your account from the same browser you used to sign up**.

### Proposal Lifecycle

Below is the basic process for submitting and evaluating proposals:

1. A proposal is submitted.

> 2. The proposal is reviewed by Politeia admins, spam is censored. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. The proposal is reviewed by Politeia admins.  Spam is censored. 
```

Author: Hard stop. I like it. Implemented.

3. Valid proposals appear publicly on Politeia. They are open for discussion, but voting does not begin immediately, and the proposal can be edited by its owner in response to community feedback. 
4. The proposal owner authorizes voting to start. An admin then triggers the start of voting.	

> 5. The ticket-voting interval of 2016 blocks (~1 week) begins. A snapshot of the live ticket pool is taken at 256 blocks prior to the start of voting. Every ticket in this snapshot can vote 'Yes' or 'No' on the proposal. Tickets bought after the snapshot for a proposal cannot vote on it. Tickets that vote on-chain can still be used to vote on a proposal if they were live when the snapshot was taken.

Reviewer 2: Might be useful to include:

Politeia votes are not on-chain votes.  They are stored off-chain.

Author: The wording here is tricky. I think it's best not to get too into the details of on-chain vs off-chain voting. Have taken a stab at clearer text. Should definitely be checked for technical accuracy.

>The ticket-voting interval of 2016 blocks (~1 week) begins. A snapshot of the live ticket pool is taken at 256 blocks prior to the start of voting. Every ticket in the pool when this snapshot was taken can vote 'Yes' or 'No' on the proposal. Tickets bought after the snapshot cannot vote on the proposal. If a ticket is called to vote on-chain during the ticket-voting interval (to validate blocks or vote on consensus rule changes), it still has until the end of the ticket-voting interval to vote on the proposal.

7. When a proposal with a budget and deliverables is approved, work can begin. The proposal owner can submit claims against the budget as deliverables are completed.
8. Payment claims will be handled manually by Decred Holdings Group (DHG) until such times as this process can be handled by the [Decred Decentralized Autonomous Entity (DAE)](#decentralized-autonomous-entity-dae).

For guidance on creating a good proposal, see the [proposal guidelines](../governance/politeia/proposal-guidelines.md) and [example proposals](../governance/politeia/example-proposals.md) pages.

### Decentralized Autonomous Entity (DAE)

Politeia's aim is to serve as the decision-making force behind the Decred Decentralized Autonomous Entity (DAE). This is an ambitious aim. Because Politeia and its accompanying processes are still in an experimental stage, Politeia will serve initially as a robust signaling mechanism from Decred shareholders to the community members controlling the Decred Treasury wallet. Over time, this will be iterated towards a DAE that decentralizes the functions currently performed by trusted humans, and the DAE will control the project fund wallet directly.

## Politeia Data

> All proposals, comments, and votes are anchored on the Decred blockchain using [dcrtime](https://github.com/decred/dcrtime) and stored in a public [git repository](https://github.com/decred-proposals/mainnet). See the [navigating politeia data](../advanced/navigating-politeia-data.md) pagefor instructions on accessing and interpreting Politeia data. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All proposals, comments, and votes are anchored on the Decred blockchain using [dcrtime](https://github.com/decred/dcrtime) and stored in a public [git repository](https://github.com/decred-proposals/mainnet). See the [navigating politeia data](../advanced/navigating-politeia-data.md) page for instructions on accessing and interpreting Politeia data. 
```

Author: Fixed
